{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red53\green53\blue53;\red220\green161\blue13;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c27059\c27059\c27059;\cssrgb\c89412\c68627\c3922;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1133\margr1133\margb1133\margt1133\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Thank you for downloading our Platformer Party Battle! Music Pack. This pack contains 16 Looping Audio Tracks as .wav files at 48khz. Please note all of our Strikecast Audio music packs can be found on the Unity Asset Store, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://Itch.io"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Itch.io}}, GameDevMarket & the Unreal Asset Store.\
\
We hope these tracks serve your project well. Your purchase licenses you to use these assets in a commercial product/game. We would love to know when and how you use this music so we can share your game with our audience. \
\
Please, if you have any questions at all about this music, or would like to hire Strikecast Audio to compose custom music for your game, reach us at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:info@strikecastaudio.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 info@strikecastaudio.com}}. For any other game audio needs such as audio programming, implementation, sound design, dialogue recording and editing please feel free to reach out at any time and shoot us an email.\
\
All the best,\
Strikecast Audio\
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.strikecastaudio.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 www.strikecastaudio.com}}\
\
Tracklist\
\
\pard\tx20\tx412\pardeftab560\li392\fi-393\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Big Bang Battle (LOOPING) 1:29\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Bongo Boogie Menu (LOOPING) 1:10\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Duck Funk (LOOPING) 0:40\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Factory Funk (LOOPING) 1:29\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Freaky Factory (LOOPING) 1:12\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Juggernaut Jungle (LOOPING) 1:52\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	7.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Lax Layover (LOOPING) 2:00\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	8.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Maritime Mayhem (LOOPING) 1:30\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	9.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Monkey Madness (LOOPING) 2:44\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	10.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Red Rock Ramble (LOOPING) 1:27\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	11.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Runaway Train (LOOPING) 0:59\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	12.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Signal Stealer (LOOPING) 1:30\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	13.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Skunk Jump (LOOPING) 1:13\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	14.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Sky Jiver (LOOPING) 1:45\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	15.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Surfing Sailors (LOOPING) 0:51\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	16.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Tropical Tantrum (LOOPING) 2:22\
}